README.md, before:

# AzTfBeginnersCourse

https://github.com/Martin-von-Boehlen/AzTfBeginnersCourse

AzTfBeginnersCourse is a simple beginner's course to learn how to create Azure sites with Terraform.
We first install a working software system with Azure-cli (az), Git, and Terraform.
For Windows we utilize infamous Cygwin ;). Tested on Windows 10 and Windows Server 2019.
Tested Linux versions are Ubuntu 18.04 LTS ans 20.04 LTS. Therefore, it should work on Debian Stretch.

![Architecture Diagram](./Documentation/002_Architecture.png)

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License
All files of this Project are subject to the license in 'Creative Commons — License — CC BY-NC-SA 4.0.txt'

Human readable blurb in 'Creative Commons — Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International — CC BY-NC-SA 4.0.pdf'
Everybody reading the blurb thereby agrees to the disclaimer 'Creative Commons — Disclaimer — CC BY-NC-SA 4.0.png'

Lawyers cannot read the blurb.

Commit message:

Added how to start on your own

README.md, after:

# AzTfBeginnersCourse

https://github.com/Martin-von-Boehlen/AzTfBeginnersCourse

AzTfBeginnersCourse is a simple beginner's course to learn how to create Azure sites with Terraform.
We first install a working software system with Azure-cli (az), Git, and Terraform.
For Windows we utilize infamous Cygwin ;). Tested on Windows 10 and Windows Server 2019.
Tested Linux versions are Ubuntu 18.04 LTS and 20.04 LTS.

![Architecture Diagram](./Documentation/002_Architecture.png)

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License
All files of this Project are subject to the license in 'Creative Commons — License — CC BY-NC-SA 4.0.txt'

Human readable blurb in 'Creative Commons — Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International — CC BY-NC-SA 4.0.pdf'
Everybody reading the blurb thereby agrees to the disclaimer 'Creative Commons — Disclaimer — CC BY-NC-SA 4.0.png'

Lawyers cannot read the blurb.

## First steps
If you want to follow this course on your own, please o the following things:
 1. Follow INSTALL.md to set up your environment for Windows or Linux. No VM needed!
 2. HowtoDoBasics might help if you lack basic Linux knowledge
 3. If you are not familiar with GitHub you may first peruse ./Exercises/001_GitHubExercises
 4. Go to ./Exercises/002_AzureTerraformExercises and read the Guide for first Exercise 001_SystemCheck.pdf
 5. Clone the exercise directory 001_SystemCheck to your local computer and modify according to Guide
 6. Please do *not* generate pull requests for your changes! In fact: Do your changes outside this repository's clone!
 7. Please do *not* generate pull requests!
 8. Rinse and repeat
